## Meeting 1 - 13.02.2020 - 12:00 - BM A5  

**Note Taker & Meeting Organizator**  
-Ömer Faruk Özdemir

## Participants:  

#### Attended: :thumbsup:
  * [Salih Can Özçelik](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Hamza Işıktaş](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Gülsüm Tuba Çibuk](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Ezgi Gülperi Er](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Emilcan Arıcan](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Hazer Babür](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Doğukan Kalkan](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Ahmet Berat Can](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Ömer Faruk Özdemir](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  * [Muhammed Enes Toptaş](https://github.com/bounswe/bounswe2020group6/)
  

## Participation Plan:  
-Everyone  
-BM A5  
-Progress Update  
-Thursday 12:00   


Issues  
------  
**-README Editing**  
_Emilcan Arıcan - Deadline: 17.02.2020 23.59_  
**-Customizing Issue Labels**   
_Gülsüm Tuba Çibuk - Deadline: 17.02.2020 23.59_    
**-Wiki Page Research & Creating**  
_Salih Can Özçelik & Hamza Işıktaş - 17.02.2020 23.59_  
**-Exploring Github And Looking To Other Pages And Creating Report**    
_Everyone -  Deadline: 17.02.2020 23.59_    
**-Exploring Git**  
_Everyone - Deadline 17.02.2019 23.59_    

